[Autogenerated] welcome back in this clip.
Let's go ahead and start diving into state manager and patch manager.
Now state manager is simply showing the state of our
inventory associations that we've created.
So it's a pretty easy screen to look at,
and we've already dug into the association IDE screen,
so I won't do that.
But let's look at Patch Manager as well.
Now Patch Manager allows us to automate are patching using native AWS services.
So anyone that's ever done any sort of manual
patching will probably fall in love.
With this service.
You can see they have pre defined patch baselines.
But for the sake of this clip, let's configure patching.
Now the first thing we have to do will look familiar.
We have to select are managed instances that we want to target.
Now.
The difference here is there's a patch group,
which we don't have,
but what this does is it allows you to break your instances into specific
patch groups and then run a schedule based on the Patch group.
So an example here would be maybe you have a Prod Patch group in a Dev
Patch group that you want to run separately or maybe even you have a
web TLS group and then a back end patch group that you want to
separate patching for those error.
Just some examples.
And really, the possibilities are endless.
Now I'll select manually.
We'll choose our instance again,
and the next thing we have right here is our patching schedule.
So how do we want to define are patching schedule we can
select an existing maintenance window and a maintenance
window is what it sounds like.
It's a window that we define that will allow SSN to perform maintenance in.
So if we had an existing one, we could select it here.
We can skip scheduling and patch now or we can schedule in a new window.
So here it allows us to create based on Cron or
even a flat rate schedule builder.
And this allows us to specify our frequency,
whether it be rate we can select the time of day or
we can select the day of week as well.
We let s s m know that.
Hey,
we want to only allow our maintenance window for maybe
two hours and then we give it a name.
So I'm not going to specify a new window here.
I'm going to skip and patch now.
But be aware that you create maintenance windows to
specify when you can automate your patching.
So S S M knows when it's allowed to.
Now you'll see are patching operation we can skin and
install missing packages or we can.
Just scan only.
I'll do scan and install, and under additional settings,
you can see they just give you a notice here.
So let me configure patching.
We've successfully configured it.
Let me go to view details and check this out.
It's actually taking us to the run command screen again.
So what this is doing is it's using run command in the background
to go ahead and run these different patching commands that error
necessary for that particular instance.
So when I expand these windows,
we see the command that they're running here is a W s run patch baseline,
and they're specifying the default version.
You'll see there's two steps and then they have their parameters down there.
So this is now patched our instantiate a Matic Lee
based on this run command that we used.
So if I select this and I view output, you can see that we have our statuses.
We have our steps.
So this ran through several shell commands,
as you can see right here and this truncated the output
because it's too big to view in the console.
So what they do is you can push it to S3 or CloudWatch like we talked about,
and then view it there.
Now the bottom one here, Step two lets us know that Hey,
we skipped this step because it's for Windows and you
see the step name is patch windows.
So that's it.
That's how easy it can be to patch several instances
with a single click of the button,
you create a patch baseline as well as a maintenance window,
and then you schedule it for however often you need to patch your instances.
Now, one last thing before we wrap up,
let's go ahead and view that document that they used so under shared
resource is there's a documents section now everything in S S M
automation wise runs via these S s M documents.
Now, the name of that document we just looked at was run patch baseline.
So let me find that here.
Here it is, right here.
So I'll select this and this brings us to the document screen.
So I can run a command directly from this document.
But what I want to do is I want to view the content and there we go.
So this is what's driving these documents and you'll
notice it's simply a JSON file.
Now, some of these documents support Yamil.
So keep that in mind, but you literally just define based on S S M syntax,
certain key value pairs within this JSON that are executed.
So, for instance,
you'll see our precondition for this main step is
platform type needs to be Windows,
and then it runs a PowerShell script for patching.
And if I scroll to the bottom,
we'll see the Linux specific shell script that it actually ran.
Now, last part here is under versions.
You can see that if we owned it.
We can view the different versions that come with this
document and then details just shows the parameters and
their descriptions that error used.
So let's go ahead Well,
in this clip here and then in the next clip will start looking at actions and change and application management